Docs: Clarify JOIN feature change in What's New in 9.2 (#56740)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/whatsnew/whats-new-in-v9-2.md

We have extended our plugins platform to simplify this, which means one less thing for developers to worry about and better security for all users' data.
For details on using this functionality, see [GitHub pull request #55313](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/55313) and our [plugin examples](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-plugin-examples) repository.

> ## Transformations: Inner joins and bug fixes
> 
> Transformations allow you to shape raw data from data sources, like metrics series or GitHub issues, so that you can visualize them as clearly as possible.
> We have extended the Join transformation to support inner JOINs in addition to outer JOINs. These work similarly to SQL inner and outer JOINs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Transformations: INNER JOINs

Transformations allow you to shape raw data from data sources, like metrics series or GitHub issues, into a format that's appropriate for the chosen visualization.
We have extended the Join transformation to support INNER JOINs in addition to OUTER JOINs. These work similarly to SQL JOINs.
```
